README.md, before:

Bread and butter
====================
Version 1.0.4

When you make a sandwich you don't bake the bread, you just add the flavour! A starter template for website builds. Bread and Butter is maintained by Multiple States. 

General description
--------------

This starter template is a good place to start for building the type of sites we generally build. It simplifies the setup of a site by including the bare minimum we begin with. 

* It uses the task automator Grunt (http://gruntjs.com/) for an easy build setup
* It uses the package manager Bower (http://bower.io/) to install dependencies like jquery and modernizer 
* It is designed to be used with a module based workflow (https://github.com/multiple-states/bread-butter/wiki/workflow) for all your website elements
* It uses the css pre-processor Less (http://lesscss.org/) for more powerful styling

Make sure you read through this wiki ( https://github.com/willmcl/bread-butter/wiki ) before diving into the project. If you have no experience with the technologies listed above don't be afraid, it is all dead easy after you read the wiki and do a little research on those technologies. We promise.

As this template is built with php you need to use MAMP (http://www.mamp.info/en/) to run it on your local machine. You also need to have some experience with Git (http://git-scm.com/). If you don't have any experience with _Git_ then take the time to learn it... Change your life that will.

Installation
--------------
Visit https://github.com/multiple-states/bread-butter/wiki/home for installation instructions.

Version Log
--------------

*v1.0.4*
* Update studio contact information
* Hotfix grunt pixrem compliling issue

*v1.0.3*
* Remove grunt pixrem as it is no longer maintained and is only used to support <=IE8
* Remove test.php
* Fix grunt errors (remove grunt-pixrem and add licence)
* Leverage browser caching (this was previously resolved on this branch)

*v1.0.2*
* HOTFIX bug from last version - missing grunt task and incorrect js file names

*v1.0.1*
* Remove the functions file and $site_url variable
* Always require the latest versions of the Grunt dependencies

*v1.0.0*
* Small bug fixes  
* Create a grunt deploy task

*v0.11.2*
* Create a better pattern page for typographic elements

*v0.11.0*
* Remove bootstrap as a submodule. 
* Remove all bootstrap styling and structure from the css and html.
* Remove the .min file extension from the stylesheet in the grunt production task.

*v0.10.1*
* Remove styling from the html tag
* Add default code in .htaccess to allow cross domain font requests in all browsers
* Exclude Modernizer from the bower_concat task and add it to the uglify task and include in header.php
* Remove old SITE_ROOT variable from functions.php
* Added grunt-newer plugin to help with grunt-watch speed issues

*v0.10.0*
* Introduce the grunt-load-config plugin as a way to split our grunt tasks into separate files and make Bread and Butter more maintainable. 

*v0.9.1*
* Bower introduced to workflow
* New Grunt task to concat Jquery and Modernizr that have been added via Bower
* Added folders and files to the .gitignore 
* Updated the way we set folder paths in our gruntfile.js
* Removed all snippets - they are now all GISTs

*v0.9.0*
* First Beta release

Commit message:

The last commit for this project - add a note to the read me stating that this project is no longer being maintained or updated as of November 2017.

README.md, after:

**Notice: Bread and Butter is no longer being maintained or updated as of November 2017**

A recent review of the build setup indicated we should move away from Bower (also no longer being maintained) and to rely on fewer build tools such as Grunt or Gulp for tasks we can achieve just using NPM. 

After some initial tests and development we found that this change would drastically alter this build setup and require an almost complete rewrite of the WIKI. As we have several older projects that were built using this build setup we have decided to start a new GIT repository and keep this one as is for historical reference needed by these older projects.

Once the new build setup is released we will post a link to it here. 

Bread and butter
====================
Version 1.0.4

When you make a sandwich you don't bake the bread, you just add the flavour! A starter template for website builds. Bread and Butter is maintained by Multiple States. 

General description
--------------

This starter template is a good place to start for building the type of sites we generally build. It simplifies the setup of a site by including the bare minimum we begin with. 

* It uses the task automator Grunt (http://gruntjs.com/) for an easy build setup
* It uses the package manager Bower (http://bower.io/) to install dependencies like jquery and modernizer 
* It is designed to be used with a module based workflow (https://github.com/multiple-states/bread-butter/wiki/workflow) for all your website elements
* It uses the css pre-processor Less (http://lesscss.org/) for more powerful styling

Make sure you read through this wiki ( https://github.com/willmcl/bread-butter/wiki ) before diving into the project. If you have no experience with the technologies listed above don't be afraid, it is all dead easy after you read the wiki and do a little research on those technologies. We promise.

As this template is built with php you need to use MAMP (http://www.mamp.info/en/) to run it on your local machine. You also need to have some experience with Git (http://git-scm.com/). If you don't have any experience with _Git_ then take the time to learn it... Change your life that will.

Installation
--------------
Visit https://github.com/multiple-states/bread-butter/wiki/home for installation instructions.

Version Log
--------------

*v1.0.4*
* Update studio contact information
* Hotfix grunt pixrem compliling issue

*v1.0.3*
* Remove grunt pixrem as it is no longer maintained and is only used to support <=IE8
* Remove test.php
* Fix grunt errors (remove grunt-pixrem and add licence)
* Leverage browser caching (this was previously resolved on this branch)

*v1.0.2*
* HOTFIX bug from last version - missing grunt task and incorrect js file names

*v1.0.1*
* Remove the functions file and $site_url variable
* Always require the latest versions of the Grunt dependencies

*v1.0.0*
* Small bug fixes  
* Create a grunt deploy task

*v0.11.2*
* Create a better pattern page for typographic elements

*v0.11.0*
* Remove bootstrap as a submodule. 
* Remove all bootstrap styling and structure from the css and html.
* Remove the .min file extension from the stylesheet in the grunt production task.

*v0.10.1*
* Remove styling from the html tag
* Add default code in .htaccess to allow cross domain font requests in all browsers
* Exclude Modernizer from the bower_concat task and add it to the uglify task and include in header.php
* Remove old SITE_ROOT variable from functions.php
* Added grunt-newer plugin to help with grunt-watch speed issues

*v0.10.0*
* Introduce the grunt-load-config plugin as a way to split our grunt tasks into separate files and make Bread and Butter more maintainable. 

*v0.9.1*
* Bower introduced to workflow
* New Grunt task to concat Jquery and Modernizr that have been added via Bower
* Added folders and files to the .gitignore 
* Updated the way we set folder paths in our gruntfile.js
* Removed all snippets - they are now all GISTs

*v0.9.0*
* First Beta release
